Mr. Sun, why are you here?
Lord, I came here today to take my son away
Hahaha joke
Suspected of kidnapping for ransom and setting up a private court
Maybe you can take it away if you want
You're taking me too seriously
If I say it means Concubine De
Concubine De can't blatantly violate the laws of the country
You can't tell me that
Why don't you tell Concubine De yourself?
And you said my son was a suspect
You have proof?
Ah!
This little friend
This private court thing
I think it's a misunderstanding
What do you think?
Infinite others is a verb
You think about it
Otherwise, will your family encounter any accidents when they go out in the future?
I can't guarantee it.
How dare you threaten me?
Not a threat
I'm just reminding you to speak well
Chemoziwu
Enough Sun Li
This is the Criminal Department
Not your household department
If you dare to speak wildly in court again
Don't blame this officer for severely punishing you.
Are you scaring me?
Is this official afraid of you?
Lord Sun, what a great official prestige you are!
Lord Kim Jong Un